hi hey what's up not much how you doing
good I'm doing really well I heard
you're going to get some dinner soon I'm
very hungry but I want to finish this
hey we're doing the gardens to the
labyrinth item walkthrough in god of war
3 so this is right after we picked up
here is pimp Cup you go around the
corner just to ride the savegame I'm
like up I'm making sure to shine light
on that girl for some reason I can't
look away look at that we have a hidden
chest yeah you were trying to make time
you might know that's a funny Woody
check out my severed head ok so this is
a little bit further on you're gonna
walk around a corridor some gates gonna
pop up behind you and kind of trap you
you're supposed to go left but instead
go right and there's gonna be a few
chests over here including including the
two red ones and then one hit and one up
look at that in there there we go you
know a jack I that's a pretty good rule
of thumb for all video games if you're
supposed to go left go right yeah or if
you're supposed to go away from the
camera go towards cameras a little bit
further on or supposed to jump Oh God
the but instead we're gonna go left and
we have a hidden chest there and if i'm
not mistaken i am mistaken so don't
worry about it a little bit further on
once you get across the the labyrinth
and everything or the the gardens
there's a hidden chest right over here
before you go into the big door and
that's our gorg and I and that actually
gives us the eye candy trophy a silver
trophy that's all the Gorgon eyes if
you've been following along with us
playing at home that was the last go
organized so a little bit further on
after you killing some scorpions on your
left side here is a phoenix feather have
you noticed how well kept this place is
very nice we must have a tremendous
janitorial yeah no was it you and I
talking about this room at Gus and I has
died not mean not us I don't know so I
don't talk to you so here we go we get
the greg i got that chest there I'm
losing it man why so many these things
and that was our last minute or horn and
get these big dudes behind us i want to
show you this so I open that chest and
all those red things came out is cuz
probably they were supposed to be a
Minotaur horn or something that I
already had maxed out on so that's why
it was just the red ones and i will show
you where the extra chests are so if you
miss someone the earlier levels there's
still plenty more you can get in the
later levels purely fascinating day
thank you and like i said this is the
last phoenix feather after you jump down
go right and that got us and
achievements are now a trophy what the
hell is what am i doing go Dumbledore